README.md, before:

# Triple Bypass
The Triple Bypass is an audio/video mod board designed for Sega Genesis/Megadrive consoles. It contains bypass circuitry for RGBs video and also contains a Mega Amp 2.0 audio amplifier designed by Ace and Villahed94.

http://www.sega-16.com/forum/showthread.php?31989-Take-your-Genesis-audio-to-the-next-level-The-Mega-Amp-2-0-is-here!

# Currently Untested!!!
The current version (0.3) is untested. Version 0.1 was practically identical electrically and worked very well but had the MD-90SM connector misaligned. Version 0.2 was identical to 0.3 except that it was designed in Protel 99SE and never released. I supposed one could say versions 0.2 and 0.3 are technically identical, except that 0.3 is now in KiCad.

# Install Instructions
Coming soon!

# 3 BOM Variants
There are 3 BOM variants to accomodate the 3 different versions of the Mega Amp 2.0:
* YM2612
* ASIC YM3438
* GOAC YM3438

# PCB Finish
There are no special requirements for the finish of this PCB - a 1.6mm PCB with HASL finish is perfectly acceptable for this PCB.

Commit message:

fixed R116 in BOM - 2.20k instead of 1.30k

README.md, after:

# Triple Bypass
The Triple Bypass is an audio/video mod board designed for Sega Genesis/Megadrive consoles. It contains bypass circuitry for RGBs video and also contains a Mega Amp 2.0 audio amplifier designed by Ace and Villahed94.

http://www.sega-16.com/forum/showthread.php?31989-Take-your-Genesis-audio-to-the-next-level-The-Mega-Amp-2-0-is-here!

# Confirmed Working
The current version (0.3) has been confirmed to work properly by several people. Build with confidence!

# Install Instructions
Coming soon!

# 3 BOM Variants
There are 3 BOM variants to accomodate the 3 different versions of the Mega Amp 2.0:
* YM2612
* ASIC YM3438
* GOAC YM3438

The original release had a mistake in the BOM where R116 was identified as 1.30k instead of 2.20k. Fortunately this mistake has ZERO noticeable effects on circuit performace. I have since corrected the issue in the BOMs. Thanks to FirebrandX for finding this mistake.

# PCB Finish
There are no special requirements for the finish of this PCB - a 1.6mm PCB with HASL finish is perfectly acceptable for this PCB.
